A Facebook friend request from a cryptographer I~actually despise.
A long-term nonce.
A tight security reduction to the problem of fending off a sexually voracious goat.
A violent and bloody PhD defence.
Academic integrity.
An inappropriate workplace romance.
An overlooked patent.
Asking for 2 room keys during check-in, knowing full well I'm not getting laid.
Bart Preneel's \\ private key.
Being forced to attend social events because I'm the visitor's official host.
Being the only smartly dressed person in the room.
Bragging about getting held up at Border Control for saying I'm a cryptographer. 
Conferences with 5 submissions at 11:59pm.
Dual\_EC\_DRBG.
Deadline day flatulence.
Doing Facebook maths puzzles to show I am better than those idiot 97\%.
Falling asleep in a 5-person meeting.
Feeling flattered because a conference spam email addressed me as Professor.
Flirting with people at the conference registration desk.
GDPR requirements.
Government-mandated backdoors.
Hands-on supervision.
Hiding my conflict of interest.
My automated reply saying ``email responses will be delayed'', when I know damn well I'll be online with high-speed internet access 24/7.
My crypto blog views getting into the double digits.
My dear friend the Program Chair overruling 3 borderline rejects on my paper.
My inflated sense of self-importance that warrants my PGP key.
My much more successful career as a singer after rocking the Crypto rump session.
My second divorce.
My successful career at a patent troll company.
Pretending to care when my vegetarian coauthor complains about the lack of banquet options.
Pubic key cryptography.
Purchasing the Springer hardcopies I publish in because my mom is collecting them.
Quantum key distribution.
Security through obscurity.
Serious rump session speakers.
Social sciences.
Someone less senior than me signing off with ``Thanks in advance''.
That feeling when my article is sitting pretty at the top of the ePrint archive.
That one asshole who's always sleeping during my Eurocrypt talks.
The MIT Mafia.
The latest dance mix album by DJ~Bernstein.
The one person I don't want to get stuck next to on the conference excursion bus.
The student body.
Throwing a party for my next citation milestone.
Tweeting about my paper acceptance.
Using ``we should talk about this offline'' because the question exposes holes in my paper.
WalnutDSA.
Wearing a T-shirt with a Linux joke.
When you realize that quantum computers have been 10 years away for 3 decades.
Yet another cryptographer falling into the blockchain startup abyss.
